README.md, before:

# BastionEPGP
In-game EPGP guild helper, supports standby, main/alt shared pools, minEP, offpecGP. Fixed price list with progress multiplier.
v2.x and onwards also offers a plusroll mode (toggle-able from minimap right-click menu or `/bepgp mode` chat command)

## Installing
* from master (alpha/beta)
 1. Download [BastionEPGP-master.zip](https://github.com/Road-block/BastionEPGP/archive/master.zip)
 2. Extract the folder on Desktop
 3. Remove the -master suffix from the folder name so it is simply `BastionEPGP`
 4. Copy it into `World of Warcraft\_classic_\Interface\AddOns\` answering yes to any overwrite prompts.

* from releases (stable)
 1. Download latest [BastionEPGP.zip](https://github.com/Road-block/BastionEPGP/releases/latest/download/BastionEPGP.zip) and extract in AddOns.

* from addon hosting sites (stable)
 1. [BastionEPGP](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/bastionepgp) on Curseforge
 2. [BastionEPGP](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info25460) on Wowinterface

### Documentation
[Member and Admin Docs](https://www.wowace.com/projects/bastionepgp/pages/manual) on Curseforge.

Commit message:

Modified readme to apply directly to modified version.

README.md, after:

# Modifed BastionEPGP for <Handle It> guild on Mankrik (Classic)
This version was made to allow easier use of RollPlus features. We added the ability to import a CSV of reserves directly into
BastionEPGP and including players that are not currently in the raid. We originally used a Google Sheets document to generate
the CSV. A sample can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ptM-RBIjtXawoc7oQZxSyBd5JXfPxmU1XXVA7-Dxoi0/edit?usp=sharing).

# BastionEPGP
In-game EPGP guild helper, supports standby, main/alt shared pools, minEP, offpecGP. Fixed price list with progress multiplier.
v2.x and onwards also offers a plusroll mode (toggle-able from minimap right-click menu or `/bepgp mode` chat command)

## Installing
* from master (alpha/beta)
 1. Download [BastionEPGP-master.zip](https://github.com/Xgian/BastionEPGP/archive/master.zip)
 2. Extract the folder on Desktop
 3. Remove the -master suffix from the folder name so it is simply `BastionEPGP`
 4. Copy it into `World of Warcraft\_classic_\Interface\AddOns\` answering yes to any overwrite prompts.

### Documentation
[Member and Admin Docs](https://www.wowace.com/projects/bastionepgp/pages/manual) on Curseforge.
